alright well went ahead and took
everything off of my car
use the Plasti Dip to go ahead and get
it you can actually use this stuff for
anything from diffusers grills
everything I went ahead and took the
wheels off all of the car and painted
the grill took the emblem off first
and went ahead and painted everything
black so it's really going to pop out
took all four 18-inch wheels and got
them all painted black that's the
finished right now they're just drying
up
waited about did about five coats on
each of the wheels as well as the grill
only waited about ten minutes in between
each coat after the final fifth code you
give it about 3045 minutes to dry and
also in the head and painted the back
diffuser so I'm going to hit a major to
just cover up the exhaust back bumper
not to get any paint on it and go ahead
and do the black on there so that'll be
the finished product and once it's
folded up and be able to check it out so
I put everything back on the car and
yeah it should be really nice so let me
know what you think alright so this is
the final product
the new black plastidip grille leave the
chrome the emblem chrome black wheels
and also with the black rear diffuser I
already had the taillights tinted black
made sure to come up the exhaust so that
way I ain't got no paint on any of the
exhausts HKS catback exhaust all around
so that's the finished product
any comments let me know what you think
so you have any questions just
definitely hit me